Feature/dex uniswap v2 (#977)
smartcontractkit/external-adapters-js: packages/sources/uniswap-v2/README.md

> # Chainlink External Adapter for UniswapV2.fi
> 
> This adapter allows querying UniswapV2.fi contracts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Chainlink External Adapter for Uniswap V2

This adapter allows querying Uniswap V2 contracts
```

# Chainlink External Adapter for UniswapV2.fi

This adapter allows querying UniswapV2.fi contracts

### Environment Variables

| Required? |        Name        |                                                Description                                                | Options |                 Defaults to                  |
| :-------: | :----------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :------------------------------------------: |
|    ✅     |      RPC_URL       |               An http(s) RPC URL to a blockchain node that can read the UniswapV2 contracts               |         |                                              |
|           | BLOCKCHAIN_NETWORK |    The uniswap router address to get price from. NOTE: THIS SHOULD NOT BE CHANGED ON ETHEREUM MAINNET     |         | `0x7a250d5630B4cF539739dF2C5dAcb4c659F2488D` |

> |           |  ROUTER_CONTRACT   | The network to get pre-defined token addresses from. NOTE: THIS SHOULD NOT BE CHANGED ON ETHEREUM MAINNET |         |                  `ethereum`                  |

Reviewer: Looks like the names of these two are switched

Reviewer: Nvm fixed in f054d38d92a2e5aefa10e6ddaa45f79f39d75a27 :sweat_smile:

Author: woops, yea I just noticed that and pushed a typo commit
